okay can
you hear me jody and eva yeah we can
hear you
excellent all right
i see people are joining in the webinar
yay
hi everyone so we're gonna take a couple
minutes
and that everybody trickling in all
right
so in the meantime feel free to say hi
um either on the q a or chat
right if you have been to my webinar
great it's good to see you again oh
someone just said that hey i saw you at
cm world
okay yay thank you for coming
um while we are waiting everybody to
join i also want to introduce jodie
and the eva all right girl say hi to
everybody
everybody hi everybody
it's going to be casual right so um
well we are going to give another three
another minute to get everybody to join
and
the party uh feel free to grab you know
a drink right and then uh sit back and
relax
okay
amy nice to see you again we met in
february
yes we did
hey jennifer yes you took my wvu class i
remember you vividly
so thank you for coming i appreciate it
okay very very good and like i said
uh you have been to my webinar great
welcome back
if this is the first time introduce
yourself we'd love to have you
okay
i'm gonna share my screen and uh jody
and eva you can tell me if you can see
my screen so let's see which one
right here
can you guys see my screen okay yep we
can see it
all right i'm going to put on the
presentation mode is that good
okay all right so i'm going to get
started
yeah a couple things uh first one if you
have any questions
feel free to ask on the q a or chat you
know
um jody and eva will monitor
on both of them and uh and jody and
eva will make a judgment call if the
questions
are relevant or multiple people are
asking
similar questions and they will
basically
uh drive in and then share it and then
and uh and tell me to tell me the ques
tell me the questions and i will answer
that
okay and if not and you have a specific
questions i
can unfortunately um like to
multitask to actually do the
presentation and also answer your
question at the same time
so i'm gonna let them uh moderate and
if there's a specific question i didn't
get to it
and you are very very passionate about
and would like to get my thoughts and
the feedback you can always reach out to
me
at hello pamdingo.com right or
or any social media channel so let's get
started
very quickly first of all welcome if you
have
if you came to my last webinar i got
robert downey jr to welcome you
and this time this time around
all right beyonce right
seriously look at how sexy she is she
looks great
i love her so welcome welcome welcome
with that being said a quick intro about
myself right
cam dinner right here and i'm a b2b
marketer
and i help marketing people to sell a
review contribution to sales and how do
i do that
through content marketing account based
marketing and sales enablement
and i do tons of speaking and i also do
a lot of uh
private enterprise level trainings and
also planning sessions if there's a need
for that
great reach out to me and i also do a
lot of consulting projects i'm in the
trenches
with all my clients and to get things
done
set up a process set up a processes or
evaluate their montag stacks whatever is
needed to build the sales and the
marketing alignment
and i wrote three books one is called
global content marketing
how to scale content across regions the
other one is effective sales enablement
how to enable sales team as a marketer
and the last book i wrote is a short
ebook
a modern ai marketer it's looking to
artificial intelligence
and how does that impact the overall
marketing landscape
so if you are interested in any of these
topics
check the books out all right
so that's a very quick intro
today we'll conclude what i called
the monthly webinar of strategic
thinking strategically series so i
started doing webinar
i would say earlier this year and this
will be the sixth webinar um
um i'm doing i started and looking into
okay how can i create a webinar that
have a certain kind of theme right so
starting in may
um i was thinking hey i can start
creating a specific topic the topic that
many
marketers care about is things
strategically how to think strategically
and that topic comes up quite often
when i mentor uh marketing managers so i
want to talk about some of my thoughts
and also a specific field related to
marketing and sales
how do you think strategically a lot of
time it has uh it has something to do
with
planning so in may i talk about how to
change your marketing
plan in june seven key elements you
should include in your marketing plan
july how to create deliver impressive
online presentation to senior managers
and i conclude this theory with today
how to sharpen your strategic thinking
skills
and i come to realize actually multiple
people reaching out to me
they are not even marketers but they
signed up for this specific webinar
because the topic was very very broad
how to sharpen your strategic thinking
skills so this
specific topic not just apply to the
sales and the marketing people
which is uh who are my primary uh
audience
but they also apply to students they
also apply to teachers
they also apply that you know other
professions
so for today i actually changed my
presentation completely
because multiple people reach out to me
and say by the way
i'm not in the sales and marketing field
how can
um well your webinar still applied
uh to uh to me and i say yes
and um i say yes without thinking
and then i would like oh my god i need
to change my presentation so here we are
it's all good and i'm looking ahead to
uh jodi lisa eva which is my team they
are fantastic
we are looking ahead for the next three
months until pretty much
the end of the year what are some of the
webinar topics we will talk about
and uh for the next three months
september october november
we are going to focus on sales and
marketing alignments so it's very very
specific
and targeted it's really about sales and
the marketing alignments
how can marketing support sales in the
changing environment
and how can we expand the content
marketing to the sales side
in november which is many many uh
of you are looking ahead to create your
marketing plan for 2021
so i want to touch in terms of how to
create a measurable
marketing strategy with that we are
looking ahead
we are looking beyond 2020 and in
january we are thinking
we are literally just thinking right now
a topic about career development
if you have any topic that you want me
to address
i'm not saying i know everything that's
not my point if there's a specific topic
that you have in mind please let me know
write it down in the q a in chat and uh
we will have to discuss uh discussion
internally
right how to sharpen your strategic
thinking skills there are three things i
want to cover today
one is i want to define what strategic
thinking is
okay then use that definition to talk
about what you can do
the second thing is i want you to think
about your mindset needs to change and
there's a couple things i want to touch
and then the next thing is what are a
couple of things you can do
to sharpen your strategic thinking
skills right
i have a specific request okay i want
you to practice
active listening okay that doesn't mean
that oh my god you have to sit like this
to listen
that's not the point the point is i want
you to listen what i have to say
and then think through what
part of it can apply to you
now you know i think when i will say
some when i say something you're like
that doesn't apply to me great that's
active listening but if i see something
it was like you know what
i can probably do that in my job or
in the situation i'm running into right
now right so i
want you to practice active listening
and
make an effort to connect what i said
with what you are doing
at this point it can be on the
professional front
it can also be on the personal front
right
all right when we are thinking about
strategic
thinking or the skill set you know a lot
of time
when people are thinking oh you need
people you need to be a strategic
thinker
we tend to think like people who are
policy makers
and we tend to think the senior
executives who are ceos
or you know vp of sales or marketing
right they are the one need to think
strategically
no not us that's not necessarily true
in today's world which is incredibly
complicated
actually everybody needs to have that
strategic thinking capability
to maneuver in this complexity
of the world that we're in both in the
digital front and also
offline okay and
i have come to realize that uh strategic
thinking
what is the definition what does that
mean that to
think strategically right so i start
looking the definition
and i'm looking and these are the three
i found
on google and when i do a google search
strategic thinking means
asking are we doing the right things
all right okay well strategic thinking
means analyzing opportunities and the
problems
and taking a broad perspective
anticipating the potential impact your
actions might have on your unit
really your unit and others and
strategic equals high value and the
important
and thinking means analyze and conceive
the decision
have you noticed that everything they
say right here is incredibly abstract
are we doing the right thing well what
is
unless the right means you know you have
a certain value
right be honest and uh you know don't
cheat down others
the the right can be up uh can be
absolute black and white
but the right thing for one division or
one business unit
may not be the priority for another
business unit
does that make sense so are we doing the
right thing you know that sounds very
abstract
and another one is taking a broad
perspective what does that even
mean that i have to take a broad
perspective
right and uh strategic of a high value
importance what is the definition of
high value important by dollar value
or you know or by um
like looking for a different jobs the
happiness
right so the strategic
definition or the thinking definition
needs to be
crystallized and here is what
i would define it strategic thinking
okay
in the context of this webinar is a
thinking
process applied to you in the context of
achieving a goal
that's it that's it right it's very
concrete
you need to think it through and you are
doing something
to go somewhere right you need to find
what is the optimal this uh a route
to get to the final destination that's
really
strategic thinking and if with that
definition if you think about it you can
actually apply that
to almost everything you do on daily
basis but i want to talk about
the details that's involved
like to follow or to guide your thinking
approach
so that's the key
chord or the essence of today's
webinar it's that thinking approach
or the steps that you can take so with
that definitions
here's are the six elements i want to
talk about and i have a specific
examples
so that's just walk through this the
first one is you need to articulate your
goals clearly
then once you have that done you
research and identify options
you analyze the options and risk
objectively
once you did the analysis you can decide
what are
the options or the course of actions you
want to take
then you implement that you adapt and
adjust along the way
like pim seriously i know
this really do you
let's talk about this
first two things i want to cover is
articulate your goals clearly and
doing the research identify options okay
so i know there are many people that
call into the webinar
a lot of you are not sales and marketing
professionals
so i made an effort to create to talk
about two different scenarios one is
more on personal level
the other one is more on the business
front okay so on a personal level maybe
your goal
is i want to say fifty thousand dollars
in two years
great on the business front it can be
i want to launch the marketing campaigns
for this specific product in seven
countries
nothing wrong with those goals right
it's very uh easy to understand
and this is tend to be a very common
goals for marketing managers or
you know on the personal front you want
to save money you know you want to do
something
how you write your goals
will dictate how you think
i want to say that again how you write
your goals
will dictate how you think
so if you think about it if you are
writing if you are writing a goal i want
to say
fifty thousand dollars in two years so
the action on your thinking will be like
i need to save
i need to save right i need to save a
monthly basis
i need to save it sixteen hundred
dollars a month but even with that i
can't
i can't achieve 50 000 well then i need
to get a second job
right so when you write that goal you
focus on
savings right on the business front if
you said i want to launch
a marketing campaigns for this specific
product in seven countries
so immediately you will
your tactics or the actions that you're
going to take
is create marketing campaigns for seven
countries all right so because it's
marketing campaigns i'm gonna focus on
email and advertising
oh i need to do a website updates right
however what if i write the goals
differently
why do i want to save 50 000 because
i want to use that money as a down
payment
for my first house
why do i want to launch the product
campaigns worldwide
that's because i want to increase
revenue i'm going to increase the
revenue by 10 million dollars by
launching this product worldwide
when you start writing your goal like
this
i would like to have fifty thousand
dollars available to use it
for the down payment of my house or i
want to increase
the revenue then your thinking process
will be a whole lot more different
right now it's not about savings anymore
right saving is one option getting the
second job is one option
well do i need to go to a nice school to
get myself certified for certain things
now it's not just about saving i should
invest
right so i can invest and get additional
money
well because i want to save money maybe
i can sublease one of my rooms in my
house
i want to buy my first house you know
what i always love my grandma's house
at this point right she's eight you know
she's to the point that she can't take
care of that house anymore
maybe there's an option right so
when how you write the goals would
dictate
how you think this is very critical
that's
one big takeaway from this webinar is
how
you write your goals okay same thing
when on the business front if you are
writing the goal and say you want to
increase the revenue by 10 million
dollars
so all of a sudden is not about
marketing campaigns anymore
yes they are very important because you
are focusing on increasing the revenue
by 10 million dollars which is right
here i point out with my cursor
guess what you may need to work with
sales team
right they have a specific target
accounts they want to go after
maybe with those accounts we can do some
sponsorship
right with those account to build that
relationship
with our existing customers because this
new product
now we probably need to train our sales
team so they know what to say about the
products
that's messaging so if you think about
it how you
write your goals will dictate in terms
of list of
ideas that you come up with and this
ideas will actually help you
to think a little bit differently
right so focus on
why when you write the goals right
say fifty thousand dollars great but
why do you want to say fifty thousand
dollars
launch marketing campaigns great why do
you want to launch marketing campaigns
so do you see the difference in terms of
writing your goals
okay so that's one
in the way that you write your gold
now this specific statement makes a lot
of sense the way you write your goal
will guide your thinking process now
with that goal in mind you can take a
much
broad perspective and you will explore
different
options that make sense so
on this specific uh you know strategic
thinking slide
and i copy and paste from when i did a
quick google search
they didn't talk about a specific steps
that you can take they didn't talk about
how you need to crystallize your goal
first
before you can take a broad perspective
but now after i explained it the taking
a broad perspective makes a lot of sense
right
cool so you know listen to joey
seriously spend time to understand
why before writing down your goals
questions anybody so far jody ivan
anybody have any specific questions
oh good no questions all right am i loud
enough
everybody can hear me
all right cool practice active listening
right right now
the next things i want to talk about is
once you identify the goal
and you have a list of options okay
next things that you need to do is to
analyze the options and the keywords
right here is
risks i mean if you listen if you
read books or even um reading any kind
of blog post or whatnot
it will say yeah you know what you when
you set up a goal you should analyze
your options
i agree with that but nobody wants to
talk about risks and i want to touch
that
on that topic a little bit more all
right
so right here remember and talk about
your personal goal your business goals
and you identify i identify a possible
uh option examples that we can take
to achieve those goals on the personal
friends and also on the business front
now let's look at the results right so
first of all you need to do once you
want to save money you have to conduct a
detailed salary and expense analysis
right how much money you bring in and
how much money you spend every single
month
trying to get a sense of it right and
out of that
you will make some decision the decision
is you know what in order to save that
fifty thousand dollars
i can't take any vacation right i can
only yell once a month
well all my families are out of town
well guess what there's no family visit
for a little while
with all that i squeeze every single
penny i can save about 900
a month let's just assume that right
if you do get a second job now you have
a full-time job but they are not paying
a lot do you want to get a second job
and but you work from eight to five well
maybe you can drive uber from five to
seven
a.m three days a week and frankly i took
uber
not where i took a left extensively when
i was traveling
and many many people have a full-time
job
and at the same time they also drive
uber and they only allocate specific
amount of time to drive uber is to get
to earn extra money and one of them
um actually works at nike and is a
project manager
from eight to five and he always get up
early and was like you know after my
coffee i really don't have anything to
do my kids are not up yet
so i just usually go uh drive uber from
five to seven
and it's been doing that like three days
a week i was like oh that's pretty cool
right so doing that maybe that can save
you 400
a month well you want to actually
increase
enhance your earning capability in the
future
maybe you want to go to night school if
you go into a specific type of program
that's going to cost you seven thousand
dollars
now you have to do some analysis where
are you gonna get that seven thousand
dollars to start with
maybe with that it does increase the
salary
400 per month starting when
but you know you have to think about you
have to think through should we do this
it does take 17.5 months to break even
right so you invest seven thousand
dollars so rather than save
you are gonna you're gonna you are going
to reduce to
negative first before you can save does
that make sense
you know how long would that take does
that make sense so when you start doing
analysis based on different options you
start
thinking through what are some of the
criterias
that you have to deal with what are some
possibilities
what are some of the issues that you
will encounter
that is strategic thinking
seriously that's it
you have to think through a different
scenarios so with that being said same
thing
right investing in the index fund so
you're going to work with a
financial analyst and the projected rate
of return is about four percent
if you actually sub lease to one of your
bedrooms should you furnish that
and furnish that and that will bring the
money in
three to five three hundred to five
hundred dollars a month right if you
decide to buy a grandma's house
can you come with the solution that you
live with your grandma for several years
you take care of her
can i count as a 50 000 down payment
right
so have you noticed those are different
options you have to think through
then you have to do your analysis a lot
of time people stop here
before they make a decision another
thing you have to consider
is called risks right so that's assumed
you made the decision no vacation er
once a month and no family visit and
this
is how much you can spend but things
happen life happens
right we things just happen god forbid
somebody in your family got very very
sick
you have to fly to take care of him or
her
god forbid you got into a car accident
right you can't drive uber anymore right
so what if things happen like this
what are some of your plan or the backup
plan
let's assume you actually spend seven
thousand dollars there's no salary
increase
whatsoever because recession
right you read invest on the index fund
market crash you lose everything right
so you sublease to your best friend
can make the payment right you are
taking care of your
grandma but unfortunately
the will didn't get changed there's a
dispute with our relatives about the
ownership of the house
so what when you start talking about the
results
that looks great but what are the risks
associated with it write those down and
have a discussion
again you know once you start talking
about it
it will guide your thinking a little bit
differently
that is again strategic thinking
right so
this is a business examples right very
quickly
you are launching the campaigns
you are working with the country
managers very very closely
and you allocate a budget to run the
campaigns or you allocate a budget for
them to run the campaigns
right so and you are doing a road show
worldwide
and you are looking into getting 50 000
people attending
to 20 events in seven countries right so
now that's the results right
and you focus on a lot of email and the
advertising campaigns and website
updates
and you want to get 5 000 marketing
qualified leads
right so they come to your website and
uh to qualify them for sales to take
over
your goal is setting up a 200 right
and working with sales teams to support
target account
right when you work with a different
account you want to help them to uh
um to win a couple of the
the designs the code design wins right
so and then you can quantify the
projected revenues
when you work with the accounts uh with
salespeople directly
right so here are the couple things you
want to train the sales team
so you want to train the 1500 sales rep
worldwide
same thing now let's look at the risk
right the risk is one of the country uh
the
the the political uh situation is not
very stable there
they have a coup well if that happens
how does that impact your overall result
and you really you want to you are ready
to launch but you got
last minute notification that sorry
there's a problem with a software update
and also there is uh um
uh the vulnerabilities on our products
we need to uh
we need to fix it therefore we need to
delay our product launch
what if you work very very closely with
your design uh with your sales people
but there's nothing we didn't close any
deals for this year
unfortunately and the deals will come
next year so
what are some of the risks that you
identify here
and um well you want to actually support
sponsor 10 key customer events well
there's even cancellation due to
whatever reasons
right and uh the wi-fi have massive has
a massive problem
across multiple states and 80
of the sales people were not able to
complete the training
right so once you identify the results
you need to also have a discussion in
terms of the risks
for each one if we have those risks
what should we do right so that is what
is on the personal what if i couldn't
meet my savings goal for three months
straight
things just happened i i you know my
family member got sick broken down and
uh whatever reason if i couldn't meet my
savings goal for three months what
should i do
right on the business front the
marketing campaigns needs to be delayed
due to a stock market crash
or even covered 19. well when that
happened what should we do
so the best way to cultivate your
strategic thinking skills
at you at our level at the individuals
level
is really think through a different
possibilities and scenarios
and another thing is be able to talk
about the worst case scenario
you know interesting enough the second
bullet point i want to mention right
here
even when i work even if even when i was
working for the corporate world a lot of
time
guilty one i will make a presentation to
my management
and i will talk about the best case
scenario
but i touch very lightly on the worst
case scenario because i don't want to
look back
right the over period of time actually
now i have more experience
and even on the later part of my
job working the culprit i tend to spend
a lot of time talking about worst case
scenarios
like if what if our company
can't meet the revenue target for next
quarter what should we do
how does that impact the overall
marketing budget right
so be able to talk about the worst case
scenario honestly and openly
is critical a lot of people try to avoid
that don't
okay you need to talk about it the other
one is execute the best you can
anticipate the worst
so if you analyze the options
analyze the risk hopefully you can make
a decision
in terms of all right what are the
course of
action that you want to take
at this point i'm not going to tell you
in terms of how you make a decision
right so for example on this uh the the
business examples
and i created analysis i created the
action
uh based on my budget i will prioritize
that
i will be supporting the sales team i
will be running the focus
uh the email advertising campaigns and
website updates and i will create
marketing campaigns
these are the three things i will do but
you will
understand and um come to realize what
decision you're gonna make
after you have done your analysis
especially on the risk
site then you the decision will somehow
come
naturally i'm not kidding
so try to work that process and spend a
lot of time on the risk and results
once you talk it through you will kind
of know
what you need to do
so with that being said you can document
that
in terms of decide the course of actions
based on your research and the analysis
the one things i want to talk about in
terms of decision
is you don't know what you don't know
this is a quote actually from ronald
rumsfeld and he was the
secretary of defense for george w
bush and i think at a time
this was happening during the white
house briefing
and one of the reporters was asking a
specific question about
how he made the decision um in terms of
to initiate initiate
a war you know one of the the countries
and this is his answer i think he's this
answer might be a little abstract and
he's trying to probably
um dance around
um like the the the real answers but
it actually have uh the essence
and also the meaning to this and comes
down to how we make decisions
as we know the unknown knowns okay
they are things we know we know we also
know
they are known unknowns that is to say
we know they are something
we just don't know but they are also
unknown unknowns the ones
we don't know we don't know and now
didn't talk about which is
unknown known so if you
the no no is there is to say that there
are
some things that we don't know but what
about unknown
no a no no is something that
you could employ and the things that you
know that you can employ
but you you don't realize the value of
that things just yet
does that make sense so i'm not going to
worry about that one
but the things i want to share with you
is they are always
known unknowns they are something we
just don't know
after we have done oau analysis they are
always something we don't know
not just the way it is and there are
also unknown unknowns
case to point over 19.
once we don't know we don't know right
so when you making a lot of decisions
when you come to make a decision you
need to understand
that they are unknowns things will
always happen
you don't know what that is you analyze
what if as much as you can
but you just need to embrace and know
that make sense
so i define strategic thinking
as a way to accomplish a goal or solve a
problem
right that's how i defined it the way
that you need to change your mindset
is you have to analyze what if
quantifying the risks
and also embrace unknowns there are
things will happen that's just the way
it is
okay then with that being said what can
you do
well like what can you do actually
um it's about implementation
and once you start implementing you will
need to adjust
as you go okay and one thing
i want to share with you and nobody is
going to talk about this
the biggest part of a strategic thinking
is execution
we gotta move let's go once you did all
the analysis
right strategic thinking is not just oh
i'm thinking
yay that's it no
the end of strategic thinking and the
biggest part is
execution through execution you will
determine
what you can do to make changes and to
adapt
on the personal front you need to start
like the google
doc and google sheet because you want to
save 50 000 right
identify each task that you need to do
and just do them one by one
okay so you need to get a second job to
save more
well first one download the uber app
attend the online trainings
clean your car do a test drive
right if you want to get a second job
write down the stuff that you need to do
and do them
one by one once you got it done check it
off
if you didn't get it done why can you
make adjustment to it
again strategic thinking change the d
you know change your course take a
detour right
but still moving toward that direction
same thing if you want to go to a nice
school
right to get certified for plumbing well
maybe you need to use the three thousand
dollar savings that you have you need to
buy four thousand dollars well
great start commit to that start
enrollment process coordinate
babysittings
attend classes take your test write down
the specific action if you cannot get
something done
right means okay something happened well
then you have to think through
what needs to be done to change it
should you
abandon this goal or should we do
something else
once you start executing you start
running into
problems you start making adjustments
that's also strategic thinking because
things
happened and then you find a way to
address the issues and keep yourself
moving forward toward the goal that you
want to accomplish
on the business front i don't recommend
that you create like
google sheet and then talk about a
specific task
right on the personal front it's about
getting things that right do one by one
you run into issue you talk about it and
then take a different course
but on the business front you take a
slightly different perspective
you need to create a high level slide or
a visual to communicate with senior
managers and the teams
in terms of what you want to accomplish
and then you need to be able to explain
the progress or the status
right in a way the management and the
team
can understand right so like i said on
the personal level
it's a list of things that you have to
do one after the other but
on the business front it's not that the
business run you need to create a
visual that help everybody understand
what needs to accomplish first i love
creating high level visuals like this
right so you're talking about the whole
what are the specific milestones or
tasks
that needs to be accomplished so you can
launch your products
in say by september right so you list
all the milestones
everybody can see it this also provides
and give everybody a idea or a
perception if you will that you can
think strategically
right you can think strategically at 64
foot level like how everything's tied
together
to be able to showcase a slide like this
at a high level
is a demonstration that you can think
strategically because you are connecting
different thoughts you pull them
together
and you show people that you understand
and you can articulate
okay all right so how to sharpen your
strategic thinking skill the first one
when i define a strategic thinking skill
is about accomplish a specific goal or
solve a specific problem
the change your mindset is analyze what
ifs
understand risks and embrace unknowns
right the sharpen the strategic thinking
skill how to sharpen it
it's all about execution once you start
doing stuff
you will you run into a problem once you
run into problems you were thinking
you will think through in terms of what
needs to be done and you will adapt as
you go
and that can help you and sharpen
the way you think okay
so with that being said these are the
steps i talk about
first one articulate your goals clearly
that's number one okay don't just write
i want to save like fifty thousand
dollars
i want to run uh you know new york
marathon
well yes you do want to run your
marathons but really
why do you want to run that okay
research and identify options and uh
and in terms of what other options that
you can use to
accomplish that goals and analyze the
option
again focus on the risks right talk
about the risk openly and the worst case
scenarios
once you make a decision in terms of
what that needs to be done
and understand there's always known
unknowns and unknown unknowns
right create implementation plan through
working through the details
right and then find a way to remove the
barriers
as you go and then adjust along the way
so that's pretty much it in terms of how
to think
strategically and i understand this is a
very
very uh abstract topic
and uh to be honest with you many people
register just because
the topic is how to sharpen your
strategic thinking
and i've been thinking out often in
terms of how i can
apply and make it concrete for all of
you
right and not just talking about oh the
vision
the objectives from my perspective
that's very very important
but the most important things at the end
of the day is executions
and also remove barriers while you
execute
so what can i do for you i'm doing a lot
of speaking online
now nobody in trouble anymore
so if you are looking for anybody to
speak for your virtual events
reach out to me anytime and i do a lot
of mentoring
one-on-one mentoring and the coaching as
well specifically for
marketing managers and uh if they are
looking to actually modify their
marketing plans
or how to build a process to work with
your teams and i do
a lot of that and another thing i do is
consulting and i do uh
very much uh in a content marketing
account based marketing and sales
enablement
um on the in the context of the sales
and marketing alignment
right so if you have a need for that
reach out as well
you can download this whole presentation
this whole presentation powerpoint
if you go to my facebook community build
your marketing skills to get ahead
and click on units and you can
you can download directly from unit
number six if i'm not mistaken at this
point
uh jody you are going to share the link
with everybody right
so um it is shared in the chat
excellent so you have to join my
facebook community to get that
but you know what i actually have people
reach out to me and say
i don't have facebook account well kudos
to you
i have a huge respect for people that
don't have a facebook account well if
you don't have a facebook account
you can reach out to me hello
pamduna.com i'm more than happy to send
you the whole deck
like i said i'm not sending this in pdf
it's it's a powerpoint
and you can take it and then use it as
you see fit
right if you want to post any marketing
questions
and uh also you can do it on the
facebook community and
i answer everybody's questions uh myself
so if you have specific questions i
don't know the answer i will do a
research if i know the answers i will
respond directly
and by the way i'm not here to force you
to join my facebook community
and if you don't want to join no
pressure
you can still send me an email hello
pamela.com
i will more than happy to actually send
you the presentation as well
okay so don't feel the pressure that you
have to join please
and there's another thing i want to
share with you um i know a lot of people
actually come into sessions you are not
necessarily a sales and marketing people
and i do actually have a mastermind
session at 11 o'clock
next week and for one hour and you can
uh register and just type bitly forward
slash
capitalize p pam mastermind capitalize m
master capitalize mine you can register
and this is really focused on the
business planning sales and marketing
strategy
unfortunately i am not the type of
person can actually help on the personal
growth and i'm not a personal coach
and but if you have specific questions
related to your sales and marketing
plans
and also how to um create
say you are a more strategic type of a
conversation or communication with your
management and you need some help you
can come to this
specific sessions or bring any of your
slides with you i'm more than happy to
help out
with that being said i hope to see you
on my facebook community or the next
webinar and the next webinar is on
september 24th
okay very good that's
pretty much the wrap any specific
questions
jody let's see
any questions or questions okay very
good
excellent all right thank you everybody
thank you so much for coming to my
webinar and i'll see you next time
bye